hybrid agent release. (#17518)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/mobile-monitoring/new-relic-mobile-maui-dotnet/monitor-your-net-maui-application.mdx

<Step>
### Add our agent configuration file to your .NET MAUI project [#add-configuration]

In your project, open ``MauiProgram.cs` and add the following code:
```csharp
using NewRelic.MAUI.Plugin;
...

    public static MauiApp CreateMauiApp()
	{
		var builder = MauiApp.CreateBuilder();
		builder
			.UseMauiApp<App>()
			.ConfigureFonts(fonts =>
			{
				fonts.AddFont("OpenSans-Regular.ttf", "OpenSansRegular");
				fonts.AddFont("OpenSans-Semibold.ttf", "OpenSansSemibold");
			});

        builder.ConfigureLifecycleEvents(AppLifecycle => {
        #if ANDROID
            AppLifecycle.AddAndroid(android => android
               .OnCreate((activity, savedInstanceState) => StartNewRelic()));
        #endif
        #if IOS

             AppLifecycle.AddiOS(iOS => iOS.WillFinishLaunching((_,__) => {
                StartNewRelic();
                return false;
            }));
        #endif
        });
		return builder.Build();
	}

    private static void StartNewRelic()
    {

      CrossNewRelic.Current.HandleUncaughtException();

      // Set optional agent configuration

>       // Options are: crashReportingEnabled, loggingEnabled, logLevel, collectorAddress, crashCollectorAddress,analyticsEventEnabled, networkErrorRequestEnabled, networkRequestEnabled, interactionTracingEnabled,webViewInstrumentation, fedRampEnabled,offlineStorageEnabled,newEventSystemEnabled,backgroundReportingEnabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // Options are: crashReportingEnabled, loggingEnabled, logLevel, collectorAddress, crashCollectorAddress, analyticsEventEnabled, networkErrorRequestEnabled, networkRequestEnabled, interactionTracingEnabled, webViewInstrumentation, fedRampEnabled, offlineStorageEnabled, newEventSystemEnabled, backgroundReportingEnabled
```

      // AgentStartConfiguration agentConfig = new AgentStartConfiguration(crashReportingEnabled:false);

      if (DeviceInfo.Current.Platform == DevicePlatform.Android)
      {
        CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>");
        // Start with optional agent configuration

>         // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>", agentConfig);
```

      } else if (DeviceInfo.Current.Platform == DevicePlatform.iOS)
      {
        CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>");
        // Start with optional agent configuration

>         // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE", agentConfig);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // CrossNewRelic.Current.Start("<APP-TOKEN-HERE>", agentConfig);
```

      }
    }

```

> Make sure you paste your application token(s) into `appToken = ""` in the code above. If you deployed your hybrid app to both iOS and Android platforms, you'll need to add two separate tokens: one for iOS and one for Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you paste your application token(s) into `appToken = "<APP-TOKEN-HERE>"` in the code above. If you deployed your hybrid app to both iOS and Android platforms, you'll need to add two separate tokens: one for iOS and one for Android.
```

</Step>

<Step>

> ### Screen Tracking Events

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Screen tracking events [#screen-tracking-events]
```

> The .NET MAUI mobile plugin allows you to track navigation events within the [.NET MAUI Shell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/fundamentals/shell/navigation). In order to do so, you only need to call in ``App.xaml.cs``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The .NET MAUI mobile plugin allows you to track navigation events within the [.NET MAUI Shell](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/maui/fundamentals/shell/navigation). To do so, you only need to call the following in `App.xaml.cs`:
```

```C#
    public App()
	{
		InitializeComponent();

		MainPage = new AppShell();
		CrossNewRelic.Current.TrackShellNavigatedEvents();

    }
```

> It is recommended to call this method along when starting the agent. These events will only be recorded after navigation is complete. You can find this data through the data explorer in `MobileBreadcrumb` under the name `ShellNavigated` or by query:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to call this method along when starting the agent. These events will only be recorded after navigation is complete. You can find this data through the data explorer in `MobileBreadcrumb` (under the name `ShellNavigated`) or by a NRQL query:
```

```sql
    SELECT * FROM MobileBreadcrumb WHERE name = 'ShellNavigated' SINCE 24 HOURS AGO
```

The breadcrumb will contain three attributes:
* `Current`: The URI of the current page.
* `Source`: The type of navigation that occurred.

> * `Previous`: The URI of the previous page. Will not exist if previous page was null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Previous`: The URI of the previous page. This won't exist if the previous page was null.
```
